New ign-docker-env command (#23)
ignition-tooling/gzdev: README.md

	spawn          Spawn a virtual environment ready for development.
```

## ign-docker-env
```

> Launch docker enviroments ready for Ignition development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch docker environments ready for Ignition development
```

Usage:
    gzdev ign-docker-env IGN_RELEASE
                [--linux-distro <linux-distro>]
                [--docker-args DOCKER_ARGS]
    gzdev ign-docker-env -h | --help
    gzdev ign-docker-env --version

Options:
    -h --help                   Show this screen
    --version                   Show gzdev's version
    --linux-distro=linux-distro Linux distibution to use in docker env
    --docker-args DOCKER_ARGS   Extra arguments to pass to docker
```

## Basic examples

> `gzdev.py ign-docker-env citadel`
> `gzdev.py ign-docker-env dome --linux-distro ubuntu:bionic`
> `gzdev.py ign-docker-env dome --linux-distro ubuntu:bionic --docker-args`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Start a container with Ignition Citadel installed: `gzdev ign-docker-env citadel`
* Start an Ubuntu Bionic container with Ignition Dome installed: `gzdev ign-docker-env dome --linux-distro ubuntu:bionic`
* Start an Ubuntu Bionic container with Ignition Dome installed, passing in `/foo` locally as a volume into the container at `/bar`: `gzdev ign-docker-env dome --linux-distro ubuntu:bionic --docker-args '-v /foo:/bar'`
```
